It is a lovely sunny day.
Peppa is playing with her fancy ball.
George and his friend Edmond
Elephant are playing with their space toys.
Moon, moon
George is pretending
the bouncy ball is the moon.
I was playing with that ball. Ooh…
Edmond’s space toy
has landed on Peppa’s head.
This looks fun.
Are you going to the moon?
It is just boring space
stuff for baby study. It’s not real.
But space is real, Peppa,
And there are real
rockets that go to the moon.
And museum has a
show all about the moon.
Shall we go and see it?
Yeah
Will we really have to go to the moon?
NO, Peppa, we are not going to the moon.
We are going to the museum.
Ok
Here is the museum.
Hello, everyone.
Have you come to see the moon show?
Yes, Miss Rabbit, five tickets, please.
There you are.
Enjoy your trip to the moon.
Ooh, we really are going to the moon.
No, Peppa, it’s just pretend.
This way for our trip to the moon.
Mr. Rabbit is
the tour guide. Prepare, take off.
It is just pretend, isn’t?
That’s right, Peppa. It’s just pretend.
Five, four, three, two, one, blast off!
We live on a planet.
Does anyone know what it is called?
The Earth
That’s right.
I am a bit of expert at the space things.
There’re seven other
planets that go around our sun.
Does anyone know what they are call?
Mercury,
Oh, well done, Edmond.
Venus 金星, Mars火星, Jupiter木星,
Saturn土星, Neptune海王星, Uranus天王星
Edmond knows all about the space.
I am clever (clout?).
Does anyone know what
these planets are made of?
They are made of cardboard.
These models are made of cardboard.
But the real planets are
made of rock and ice and gas.
But of course the moon is made of cheese.
No, the moon is made of
rock and this is a serious tour.
So no jokes and no giggling.
Here we are, on the moon.
It’s a pretend moon, really, isn’t?
Yes, if this was the real moon,
you could jump over my head.
Does anyone know
why we can jump so high on the moon?
Gravity.
Oh, that’s right, Edmond.
Gravity is what keeps us on the ground.
It is weaker on the moon,
so you can jump higher.
We can make you feel
like you are jumping on the moon
With a help of science.
That sounds impressive.
How do you do that?
With big rubber bands.
Everyone is scrapping into
Mr.Rabbit’s anti-Gravity rubber bands.
Bouncing on the pretend moon is fun.
Say moon cheese
Moon cheese
And that’s the end of the tour.
Please walk this way.
Are there trees on the moon?
No
Are there any castles on the moon?
Are there any moon shops?
No. That would be silly.
Welcome to the moon shop.
We’ve got moon maps, moon books and
We’ve even got a picture of
piggies on the moon with an elephant.
Look there we are, jumping on the moon.
We’ve got moon rock, too.
It got a picture of the moon
all the way through the middle.
Wu…
How about some real moon cheese?
How much is it, Miss Rabbit?
Five pounds, please.
Five pounds?
It’s all for good cause.
I like the moon now
because it’s very interesting.
Mmm, and very tasty.